README.md, before:

# REMOTE_CLI, for AHU_2040  

**REMOTE CLI** this is Linux based `Command Line Interface` that can mimic typical AHU_2040 USB-based CLI, using Modbus RTU or TCP.
Apart from typical device management it provides additional features such as management of settings, in terms it can save current settings to the local file and vice-versa.
Also in general it is a lightweight and efficient command-line application interface designed to provide an intuitive and user-friendly experience, similar to MikroTik or Cisco CLI. It enables developers to build powerful command-driven applications with essential features like:  

- **Command Autocompletion**: Use the `Tab` key to auto-complete commands and parameters.  
- **Command History Navigation**: Easily navigate through previous commands using the `Up` and `Down` arrow keys.  
- **Hierarchical Command Structure**: Supports structured commands with subcommands for better organization.  
- **Custom Command Registration**: Easily define and register custom commands.  
- **Built-in Help System**: Provides detailed help messages for commands.  
- **Interactive and Scripted Modes**: Can be used interactively or execute command scripts.  

## Cross-Platform Compatibility  
As of now, this application can be compiled under x86 Linux, however in neareset future, It should be also available under Windows


## Build and Installation  

### Prerequisites  

Ensure you have the following installed:  

- **CMake (≥3.10 recommended)** – Build system generator  
- **pkg-config**
- **libmodbus-dev**

### Building the CLI Library  

To download and build the project, follow these steps:  

```sh
# Clone the repository including submodules
git clone --recurse-submodule https://github.com/sp1mdo/remote_cli.git
cd remote_cli

# Create and enter the build directory
mkdir build
cd build

# Generate build files with CMake
cmake .. 

# Compile the source code
make 
```
## How to run it using Modbus RTU
```sh
  ./remote_cli -d /dev/ttyUSB<N> 
```

## How to run it using Modbus TCP
```sh
  ./remote_cli -i <IP_ADDR>
```

Commit message:

Fixed from-to calculation, where +1 was missing in show_register

README.md, after:

# REMOTE_CLI, for AHU_2040  

**REMOTE CLI** this is Linux-based `Command Line Interface` that mimics the typical AHU_2040 USB-based CLI behavior using Modbus RTU or TCP.
In addition to standard device management, it provides extra features such as settings management — allowing you to save the current configuration to a local file and restore it later.

Overall, it is a lightweight and efficient command-line application designed to offer an intuitive and user-friendly experience, similar to MikroTik or Cisco CLI environments. It enables developers to build powerful command-driven applications with essential features such as:

- **Command Autocompletion**: Use the `Tab` key to auto-complete commands and parameters.  
- **Command History Navigation**: Easily navigate through previous commands using the `Up` and `Down` arrow keys.  
- **Hierarchical Command Structure**: Supports structured commands with subcommands for better organization.  
- **Custom Command Registration**: Easily define and register custom commands.  
- **Built-in Help System**: Provides detailed help messages for commands.  
- **Interactive and Scripted Modes**: Can be used interactively or execute command scripts.  

## Cross-Platform Compatibility  
Currently, this application can be compiled on x86 Linux.
In the near future, it will also be available for Windows.


## Build and Installation  

### Prerequisites  

Ensure you have the following installed:  

- **CMake (≥3.10 recommended)** – Build system generator  
- **pkg-config**
- **libmodbus-dev**

### Building the application  

To download and build the project, follow these steps:  

```sh
# Clone the repository including submodules
git clone --recurse-submodule https://github.com/sp1mdo/remote_cli.git
cd remote_cli

# Create and enter the build directory
mkdir build && cd build

# Generate build files with CMake
cmake .. 

# Compile the source code
make 
```

### Running the CLI
## How to run it using Modbus RTU
```sh
  ./remote_cli -d /dev/ttyUSB<N> 
```

## How to run it using Modbus TCP
```sh
  ./remote_cli -i <IP_ADDR>
```
